it's really hard to think of just one
word to describe what teachers mean to
our students hmm my take - this might
hard-working that's Danny prepared
inspirational fine motivating nice
loveable passionate awesome
Gary amazing this school is an awesome
place because of the teachers my
teaching makes learning fun mostly I
think that I am awesome when she teaches
me if someone falls in the playground
and then they start crying even if if
they're not in our class she'll take
care of that they are the front lines of
what we are all about and that's
educating our students I know my teacher
works well beyond the regular work day
to make sure that all of our students
are prepared for the next level other
than my family teachers are the ones who
invested me the most and she's really
funny but sometimes she can be strict
but when she's not she's really fun our
teachers are a dedicated force that make
our world a better place
I like teacher because she's kind she
would make the kids smarter they'll talk
to you they're going through a hard time
and I think okay about happy she says
you guys need to have confidence in
yourself now she even said herself that
she cares about everyone in her
classroom
our teachers are role models for our
students
they're care for students goes well
beyond the classroom and we'll beyond
the required hours and you can't put a
value on that what they do for our
students in this county is
my teacher always has a smile on her
face well she's a miracle and she can
work miracles she cares about me because
she wants me to learn now and she wants
my other friends going to and I really
love her a lot since this is the time to
praise them and to thank them for
everything that they have done to the
teachers of McCracken County Schools
thank you thank you thank you thank you